===== MANUAL TEST PLAN =====

Manual test plan for "I ALSO MADE A GAME WITH ZOMBIES IN IT" by Haralabos Karayiannis.

I.		Player Interaction
II.		Zombie Interaction
III.	Powerup Interaction
IV. 	Projectile Interaction
V.		Extras

* Assume all tests should occur while the game is running *
* Some tests may be difficult to complete due to zombies *


=== I. Player Interaction ===
Player should originally spawn in the center of the play area.
Check that the score is displayed in the center at the top and is 0 initially.

Check that ESDF allows the player to move around.
Make sure that the player is not able to leave the play area screen by moving.

Check that clicking (and holding) either mouse button fires basic projectiles in the direction of the mouse cursor.

=== II. Zombie Interaction ===
Zombies should periodically spawn at a random location around the player.
	- Zombies should never spawn directly on the player.
	- Zombies are allowed to spawn and move out of bounds.
	
Check that the BasicZombies, BigZombies, Slimes move towards the player while the player is alive.
FastFaces and EvilFaces wander randomly in the play area at all times.
The WhiteFaces should trail behind their parent FastFace.

When a Zombie makes contact with the Player:
	The player should disappear for a short time from the screen and is considered dead during this time.
	All BasicZombies, BigZombies, Slimes should reverse their movement direction.
	A message appears over the location where the player died.

Slimes:
	When a parent slime dies it should split into several smaller slime enemies.
		
=== III. Powerup Interaction ===
A powerup should spawn periodically at a random location in the play area and appear stationary.

Check that the appropriate effects occur when the Player makes contact with each of the following:

Lightning Bolt Icon (SpeedBoost):
	The player is able to move more quickly for a short period of time.
	After the time expires the player's movement speed returns to normal.

Purple Diamond Icon (Trishot):
	If Trishot was not active:
		The player now fires 3 larger projectiles instead of the basic projectile for up to 75 shots.
		One projectile directly approaches the mouse cursor. The other two are offset by angles.
		The player goes back to shooting basic projectiles after a number of shots.
	If Trishot was active:
		The player is able to fire even more shots of this kind before returning to basic projectiles.

Yellow Rectangle Icon (Rapidfire):
	If Rapidfire was not active:
		The player now fires small projectiles at a very high rate.
		Projectiles are fired at the mouse cursor, but may be off by small angles.
		The player goes back to shooting basic projectiles after a number of shots.
	If Trishot was active:
		The player is able to fire even more shots of this kind before returning to basic projectiles.

Purple Square Icon (Shield):
	A shield appears and remains around the player for a short time that instantly kills zombies.

Fireball Icon (Flamethrower):
	If Flamethrower was not active:
		The player now fires small projectiles at a very high rate.
		Projectiles are fired at the mouse cursor in a conal spray, but only in a short range.
	If Flamethrower was active:
		The player is able to fire even more shots of this kind before returning to basic projectiles.
Red Cross (Plusone):
	The player gains a life which should be reflected in the HUD
	
=== IV. Projectile Interaction ===
	All projectiles travel in a direction until colliding with a Zombie.

	A Zombie must be hit with projectiles to be defeated. 
	Basic projectiles require the most number of hits to defeat zombies.
	Basic projectiles are removed from the game after hitting a zombie once.
	
	Rapidfire projectiles should damage Zombies the same amount as basic projectiles and
	are removed from the game after hitting a zombie once.
		
	Trishot projectiles (Tribullets) require slightly fewer hits than basic projectiles to defeat
	BasicZombies and are removed from the game after being hit a few times. Other types may require
	more or less hits to kill.
	
	Flame projectiles (WRECK) do a lot of damage to zombies, but burn out after a short range, 
	and leave the play area. Flames are shot in a conal spray.
		
=== V. Extras ===
Pausing:
	Pausing means that the game is in a state where the player, zombies, and projectiles are unable 
	to perform any movement; player is unable to fire projectiles; zombies and powerups cease to spawn; 
	
	Pressing the Space Bar should Pause the game. 
	While paused a message should appear to indicate that the game has been paused.
	Pressing the Space bar again will cause the game to continue as usual.

Pressing the ESCAPE key should close the game regardless of if it is Paused or not.

Scoring:
	When a Zombie is defeated the score shown at the top of the screen should increase.
Special Ammo:
	Special ammo count along with an icon representing its type should appear and change 
	according to shooting, picking up other powerups, and dying.
Lives:
	The number of lives a player has should be shown by hearts. Running out of hearts means the game is over.
